removing the ethereum path usage (#913)
rsksmart/devportal: guides/two-way-peg-app/getting-started-pegout.md

![3-close](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/3-close.png)
![4-open](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/4-open.png)
![5-confirm](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/5-confirm.png)

Step 10: Click on the **Finish tutorial and connect** button: <br/>
![6-finish](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/6-finish.png)

Step 11: Select an account <br/>
![7-select](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/select.png)

Step 12: Ledger Connected <br/>
![8-connected](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/ledger-connected.png)
<br/>
Step 13: Continue filling in the other fields as amount and click on the Send button

> Step 14: After finish the pegout transaction creation, click here to see how to see the steps to access to Bitcoin derived address in hardware wallet using [Electrum](/guides/two-way-peg-app/advanced-operations/#electrum-hardware-wallets)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 14: After finish the pegout transaction creation, click here to view how to see the steps to access the Bitcoin derived address in the hardware wallet using [Electrum](/guides/two-way-peg-app/advanced-operations/#electrum-hardware-wallets)
```

Step 7: The trezor window will open to insert the pin and export the addresses
![pin-and-address](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/pin-and-address.png)
Step 8: Insert the pin and click on confirm button
![insert-confirm](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/insert-confirm.png)
Step 9: Insert the passphrase
![insert-passphrase](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/pass.png)
Step 10: Follow instructions on your device <br/>
![verify-device](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/follow-device.png)

​> - Note the trezor app screen will be opened some times, because the system will ask for addresses, each ask will open again the trezor screen, and the user will need to inform the [trezor-pin](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/pass.png).

Step 11: Select account <br/>
![select-account](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/trezor-select-account.png)

Step 12: Success
![success](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/using-hd-wallets/trezor-sucess.png)

Step 13: Continue filling in the other fields as amount and click on the Send button

> Step 14: After finish the pegout transaction creation, click here to see how to see the steps to access to Bitcoin derived address in hardware wallet using [Electrum](/guides/two-way-peg-app/advanced-operations/#electrum-hardware-wallets)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 14: After finishing the pegout transaction creation, click here to view how to see the steps to access the Bitcoin derived address in the hardware wallet using [Electrum](/guides/two-way-peg-app/advanced-operations/#electrum-hardware-wallets)
```
